hi everyone so today I have a really
exciting giveaway for you guys and if
you follow me on Twitter then you
probably saw that I tweeted a picture of
this bag with a couple of boxes and this
is a bad crowd Tiffany's so I just
wanted to talk to you guys a little bit
before I jump into the prizes and the
rules this is just basically a big thank
you giveaway and I just wanted to thank
you guys so much for all of your support
and your kindness and it just I just
can't tell you guys how much you mean to
me and I can try to express it with
words but I just feel like words will
never be able to express how thankful
and grateful I am for having such
supportive viewers like you guys and I
really wanted to do something special
because recently I hit 500,000
subscribers and I'm still just like in
shock I never expected to reach half a
million subscribers and it's just like
incredible I really wanted to do
something extra special for this
giveaway so I went to Tiffany's and
picked out a couple pieces of jewelry
and I'm really excited to be doing this
giveaway because I think that Tiffany's
is just like the ultimate girly thing
and I'm so excited to be able to give a
couple pieces of jewelry away to two of
you so I have two boxes here and as you
can see they are in the quintessential
Tiffany blue box with little white bows
around them so in this box I have a key
necklace and this will be the
first-place winner and I picked this out
because I think that this is really a
signature Tiffany piece of jewelry
because they're really famous for their
key necklaces and I wanted something
that was really feminine and dainty and
cute and also classic at the same time
so I picked out some
that I think will pretty much go with
everybody style and I really love this
necklace because it's not too bulky it's
just very girly and classic and that's
exactly what I wanted so this will be
the first-place prize and then for
second place in this box I have a
bracelet and this is a silver beaded
bracelet with a little heart charm and
the charm is in the tiffany blue color
and I just thought that was super cute I
think it's really girly another classic
piece that will fit with a lot of styles
and something that you could wear on a
daily basis and I really like the pop of
Tiffany blue color so those are all of
the prizes and now getting into the
rules they're super simple all you have
to do is make sure that you are
subscribed to both of my channels so my
beauty channel and my vlog channel and
then down below in the comments leave me
a comment telling me what your favorite
Beauty video is that I have done so out
of all the videos on my beauty Channel
which one is your favorite and you just
have to tell me in the comments below
and you can leave as many comments as
you want you can come back every day and
leave a comment if you want and then I
will pick a winner are actually two
winners
I will pick two Wender winner window
winders winners randomly and that is
pretty much it all you have to do is
just make sure you're subscribed to both
my channels leave a comment telling me
what your favorite Beauty video is that
I've done and if you're underage
make sure that you have your parent's
permission because I will have to ask
for your mailing address if you do win
so this giveaway will be open for a
month so you guys have an entire month
to enter and I will put all of the rules
down below like the date specific things
and the times just so you have enough
time to enter and subscribe and comment
and all of that stuff so everything will
be down below in the information bar for
you guys if you want to go over the
rules again so that is pretty much it
and I'm super excited for this giveaway
two people will be winning at these
pieces of Tiffany jewelry and I'm just
so incredibly
we excited about this and even more
thankful for you guys I just wish I
could give you all a big cyber hug so I
think this is group hug time and this
feels kind of weird doing this on camera
but yeah I love you guys and I hope you
all are having a wonderful day and I
will see you guys a very soon bye
you